ID	Card name	Art	Card	Element	Value	Color	Set	Comment
1	CART SURFER	CART SURFER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 1	Fire	Burbank 3	Blue	1	"Dude, I'm totally gonna get like 500 coins this time," says a penguin ripping down the track. "I run through the cave and get sweet air with my 360s and backflips."
2	COFFEE SHOP	COFFEE SHOP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 2	Fire	Burbank 2	Green	1	"Many of our customers come here for some quiet while they read the latest newspaper," explains a staff member. " Ballistic biscotti is our most popular menu item."
3	ASTRO-BARRIER	ASTRO BARRIER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 3	Fire	Burbank 8	Green	1	"I remember when Astro-Barrier came out. It was the first arcade game on the island!" recalls an avid gamer in the Lounge . "Have you found the secret levels yet?"
4	HOT CHOCOLATE	HOT CHOCOLATE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 4	Fire	Burbank 3	Orange	1	"The trick to a great cup of coffee is the time it takes to pour," explains the Coffee Stop staff. "Not too fast but not too slow, then save some room for marshmallows!"
5	LANDING PAD	LANDING PAD card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 5	Fire	Burbank 4	Purple	1	"The landing pads around the island are built out of special alloys that disable them from being adversely affected by jet pack heat," explains Gary. "That means they're strong."
6	PIZZA CHEF	PIZZA CHEF card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 6	Fire	Burbank 6	Purple	1	"First you start with the pizza dough, which gets flattened into pans," the chef continues. "Then it goes down the Pizzatron 3000 line and roasts in the oven."
7	PAINT BY LETTERS	PAINT BY LETTERS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 7	Fire	Burbank 2	Red	1	"This one's my favorite story in the Book Room because it's about my favorite day of the year ," he says. "Besides, I love any story that involves aliens and flashlights."
8	MINE	MINE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 8	Fire	Burbank 7	Red	1	"The Mine is so cool. I can see all kinds of stalactites on the ceiling," explains the scientist. "Stalactites are those things that look like icicles. Oh wait... they're just icicles."
9	CONSTRUCTION WORKER	CONSTRUCTION WORKER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 9	Fire	Burbank 2	Yellow	1	"It's amazing what you can do with a plain old drill," notes a worker on a job site near the coast. "I've seen some nice red ones , but I like my trusty yellow drill. It does just the trick."
10	JET PACK ADVENTURE	JET PACK ADVENTURE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 10	Fire	Burbank 5	Yellow	1	"I love going on adventures with my jet pack. I can almost navigate through the entire course without getting a single coin ," boasts the proud pilot. "It's not too easy, though..."
11	GIFT SHOP	GIFT SHOP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 11	Snow	Burbank 3	Blue	1	"I come in at least twice a week, I'd say," concludes the shopping penguin, decked out in the latest styles. "The diva glasses and The Sidetied wig are must haves."
12	HIKING IN THE FOREST	HIKING IN THE FOREST card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 12	Snow	Burbank 2	Green	1	"It's the perfect day for a hike in the Forest," says the penguin, holding her backpack on her shoulders. "Keeping active is really important, plus I love the great outdoors!"
13	RESCUE SQUAD	RESCUE SQUAD card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 13	Snow	Burbank 5	Green	1	"When you've got a penguin who's stuck in the snow / Just tell 'em exactly where to go / To the Rescue Squad on top of the hill / We know how to help and ya know we will!"
14	PET SHOP	PET SHOP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 14	Snow	Burbank 3	Orange	1	"This here is the puffle area, You'll be responsible for caring for these little critters," explains the Pet Shop owner. "The black one over there is a bit of a firecracker."
15	SKI VILLAGE	SKI VILLAGE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 15	Snow	Burbank 4	Purple	1	"I usually start a tour here at the Ski Village because it's so close to my tour booth ," explains a tour guide. It's a great place to build a group of tourists, too."
16	ICE HOCKEY	ICE HOCKEY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 16	Snow	Burbank 8	Purple	1	It's the day of the big game at the Sports Party as Team Red and Blue square off head-to-head. "This time the trophy belongs to Red!" shouts the challenger as the puck drops.
17	SKI HILL	SKI HILL card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 17	Snow	Burbank 2	Red	1	"This must be the place she was talking about with all the sledding penguins," says the red penguin. "Now what on earth is that pointy thing up there for?"
18	SNOWBALL FIGHT	SNOWBALL FIGHT card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 18	Snow	Burbank 6	Red	1	"Here comes a long one!" one penguin shouts. "Yikes! That was close!" shrieks the other penguin. "Guess I'm better with water balloons..."
19	SNOW FORTS	SNOW FORTS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 19	Snow	Burbank 2	Yellow	1	"I'm practicing my snowball pitch. I pretend this is the pitcher's mound , then wind up and let it fly. The Snow Forts are the perfect place to test out your pitching arm.
20	SOCCER	SOCCER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 20	Snow	Burbank 7	Yellow	1	"Okay, look. Let's get this straight. I know some penguins out west call it a soccer ball, but it's football . Now that you understand the game, ready to try and score a goal?"
21	BEACH	BEACH card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 21	Water	Burbank 3	Blue	1	"I remember when the Beach opened as though it was yesterday," replies one island veteran. "We threw a big barbecue with the fish we caught. Ahhh... those were golden days..."
22	FOOTBALL	FOOTBALL card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 22	Water	Burbank 5	Blue	1	"10... 24... 5... hut!" shouts the quarterback as he makes a run for it across the field, racing for the 10-yard line. "Team Red's not gonna win it this time," he thinks as he's running...
23	BASEBALL	BASEBALL card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 23	Water	Burbank 2	Green	1	"BATTER UP!" shouts the umpire as Team Red's pitcher readies the first throw of the big ball game. "This one's for the Blue Team!" shouts the batter as the ball flies towards the plate...
24	EMERALD PRINCESS	EMERALD PRINCESS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 24	Water	Burbank 8	Green	1	"Welcome to my beautiful enchanted castle!" beams the sparkly princess penguin. "I'm looking for my wand, which I seem to have misplaced. Could you help me look for it?"
25	BEAN COUNTERS	BEAN COUNTERS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 25	Water	Burbank 3	Orange	1	"Why do they insist on delivering more fish?!" exclaims the employee catching the order from the delivery truck. "Is it just me or are there more fish than java bags here?"
26	MANHOLE COVER	MANHOLE COVER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 26	Water	Burbank 4	Purple	1	"When you lift this manhole cover up, you'll see that it leads down to the pool ," explains the Tour Guide. "And since we're not using out maps right now, shall we continue?"
27	NEWSPAPER ARCHIVES	NEWSPAPER ARCHIVES card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 27	Water	Burbank 6	Purple	1	"Sometimes I don't get a chance to read the newspaper , so I catch up with the past issues in the Boiler Room," says the lime green penguin. "I don't want to miss any comics!"
28	UNDERGROUND POOL	UNDERGROUND POOL card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 28	Water	Burbank 2	Red	1	"Hey, do you remember when there wasn't a pool in here?" asks one of the penguins. "I remember a party where we were dancing on the ground in this very spot!"
29	SCUBA DIVING	SCUBA DIVING card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 29	Water	Burbank 7	Red	1	"While Rockhopper travels at seas to find treasures, I prefer to search at home," the diver explains. "See! Check it out! A coral crown thing ! Diving totally rules."
30	ICE FISHING	ICE FISHING card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 30	Water	Burbank 2	Yellow	1	"I think the last time I was here, I caught about 10 fish," he replies. "I'm not in a rush when I go fishing. To me, it's about fun, not finance. If I need coins, I help at the Pet Shop."
31	CASE OF THE MISSING COINS	CASE OF THE MISSING COINS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 31	Fire	Burbank 2	Blue	1	"You totally saved my feathers there," sighs the relieved rookie agent . "I thought I was never going to get back into the vault after I closed the door! Oops, I guess!"
32	CRATES AND BOXES	CRATES AND BOXES card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 32	Fire	Burbank 5	Blue	1	"EVERYONE MAKE WAY FOR BOXMAN!" shouts the penguin in the superhero mask. "I shall put all evildoers into my superboxes for shipment to 'No More Bad Guys Land'!"
33	ANVIL SMITH	ANVIL SMITH card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 33	Fire	Burbank 4	Green	1	The residents of Club Penguin appreciate a good anvil – that's why so many are sent to the Coffee Shop every day. "I'd say I make about 30 on a good day," replies one anvil smith.
34	HALLOWEEN	HALLOWEEN card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 34	Fire	Burbank 6	Orange	1	"Check it out! I'm a ghost bunny professor!" explains the orange penguin. "I want to have the coolest costume for this solar eclipse party at my buddy's igloo. Do you think I'll win?"
35	KNIGHT	KNIGHT card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 35	Fire	Burbank 3	Purple	1	"Let's pretend to be knights and princesses. I'll be the Knight of Light and you can be the Princess of Power," says the green penguin. "Oh no! Here comes a dragon..."
36	BLACK PUFFLE	BLACK PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 36	Fire	Burbank 5	Red	1	"Turbo is my black puffle. It rolls its eyes a lot," replies the penguin as he feeds his pet a flipper full of Puffle O's. "It really gets fired up when I take it out for a walk."
37	MEDIEVAL PARTY	MEDIEVAL PARTY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 37	Fire	Burbank 4	Yellow	1	"For this event we collaborated with Penguin Style's fashion designers to make an epic party ," says one planner, dressed in a knight's garb. "I still wear my party clothes today."
38	BLUE PUFFLE	BLUE PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 38	Snow	Burbank 2	Blue	1	"As an employee, I value the blue puffles," replies the staff member. "They are loyal, easy to take care of, and fun to play ball with. You can't go wrong with a blue puffle."
39	PINK PUFFLE	PINK PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 39	Snow	Burbank 5	Blue	1	"This is my pink puffle, Cutie! I named it that because I think its eyes are sooo adorable," continues the ballet dancer. "Plus it matches my outfit!"
40	GREEN PUFFLE	GREEN PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 40	Snow	Burbank 4	Green	1	"My puffle Greenie is the silliest puffle I've ever met, which is why we get along so well," she giggles. "I love it when it plays on its unicycle – it's so funny!"
41	PUFFLE FURNITURE	PUFFLE FURNITURE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 41	Snow	Burbank 6	Orange	1	"No igloo would be complete without accessories for your cute little puffle pets," the decorator explains. "Puffles love having furniture just as much as penguins!"
42	PURPLE PUFFLE	PURPLE PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 42	Snow	Burbank 3	Purple	1	"Oh! Look at that one over there blowing bubbles! That one is sooo cute – it should be my pet," she exclaims. "I'll name it Princess Purple because I love princesses and purple!"
43	RED PUFFLE	RED PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 43	Snow	Burbank 5	Red	1	"This is my sidekick on my adventures. I named it Fireball because it's so fast when it goes flying out of its cannon like whoooosh ! Look, it's going again!"
44	YELLOW PUFFLE	YELLOW PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 44	Snow	Burbank 4	Yellow	1	"I knew I wanted a yellow puffle from the moment I saw it in the Forest at Halloween ," she replies. "My puffle Lemon likes to paint just like I do."
45	SUMMER PARTY [1]	SUMMER PARTY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 45	Water	Burbank 2	Blue	1	"The Summer Party sticks out the most in my mind as the one to beat," proclaims one penguin. "You can't top great buddies acting crazy and having fun."
46	GRAY FISH	GRAY FISH card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 46	Water	Burbank 4	Green	1	"You ain't gonna get a bite without the Flashing Lure , sonny," the experienced brown fisherman explains. "Them gray ones are only attracted to real bright light."
47	O BERRY	O BERRY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 47	Water	Burbank 6	Orange	1	"These berries grow on shrubs in the forest clearing," explains our nature guide. "Puffles love to eat them because of their tart sweetness."
48	LIFE RING	LIFE RING card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 48	Water	Burbank 3	Purple	1	"Having a life ring handy is really important to us," the lifeguard continues as she keeps watch over the Pool. "Hey, that crab is knocking on the glass over there!"
49	JOLLY ROGER FLAG	JOLLY ROGER FLAG card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 49	Water	Burbank 5	Red	1	"Arrr, this be the black flag atop me ship," growls Rockhopper as we tour the Migrator. "I be liking to name things, so I be callin' this one the Jolly Roger."
50	COINS	COINS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 50	Water	Burbank 5	Yellow	1	"Coins are the widely accepted monetary system around the island," explains the scholarly account penguin. "That means penguins use them to buy stuff."
51	GARY THE GADGET GUY	GARY THE GADGET GUY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 51	Fire	Burbank 6	Blue	1	"I have been conducting research on the combustion of hydrogen and oxygen," Gary continues. "Jet pack fuel is important on the island as it allows penguins to adventure."
52	BUOYS	BUOYS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 52	Fire	Burbank 5	Green	1	"I'm trying to find the elusive Boo-Eee #4," replies the penguin sleuth. "They're hidden all over, and I think they're supposed to protect the island from bad weather or something."
53	YARR	YARR card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 53	Fire	Burbank 4	Orange	1	"Me beloved best buddy Yarr has been by me side e'er since we met on Rockhopper Island ," the burly captain replies. "It be a loyal friend, keepin' watch me Crow's Nest."
54	KLUTZY	KLUTZY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 54	Fire	Burbank 8	Purple	1	Klutzy: "CLICK CLICK CLICK." Crab Translator 3000 : "I'm hungry." Klutzy: "CLA-CLICKA-CLICK CLICK-CLICK." Crab Translator 3000: "I'm still hungry."
55	HERBERT P. BEAR	HERBERT P. BEAR card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 55	Fire	Burbank 3	Red	1	"Why hello there, penguin. It is I, Herbert P. Bear, Esquire. Aren't you fortunate to have discovered my magnificent card. I am confident that you will treasure this picture."
56	HOT SAUCE	HOT SAUCE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 56	Fire	Burbank 7	Yellow	1	"It is I, the alien Dojo master, hai ya! I will reveal to you the hidden ingredient of my pizza masterpieces... the amazing Hot Sauce – guaranteed to spice up any dish!"
57	SNOW CASTLE	SNOW CASTLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 57	Snow	Burbank 6	Blue	1	"I think it took like a day and a half to make this," recalls one snow artist. "I don't really remember. I just know that we had to test to make sure penguins could walk on it."
58	AUNT ARCTIC	AUNT ARCTIC card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 58	Snow	Burbank 7	Green	1	"Hello! Aloha! Oi! I am so exhilarated to have my photograph taken for such a prestigious event. This is my desk, where I read the letters I receive and wrestle with writer's block."
59	CHRISTMAS CAROLS	CHRISTMAS CAROLS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 59	Snow	Burbank 4	Orange	1	"Ooooh eee oooooh!" sing the carolers as they practice their songs to serenade the town. During the holidays, the trees are trimmed with fresh snow and holiday cheer echoes throughout the island.
60	BETA PARTY	BETA PARTY card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 60	Snow	Burbank 8	Orange	1	"We didn't have many decorations then – just a simple banner," explains a penguin wearing a party hat . "But we wanted to celebrate our hard work somehow, and penguins love a good party!"
61	HIDDEN ITEMS	HIDDEN ITEMS card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 61	Snow	Burbank 6	Purple	1	"I found the hidden viking helmet !" he says, leafing through the latest issue of Penguin Style . "I'm totally going to add this to my pirate policeman outfit. What do you think?"
62	SECRET AGENT	SECRET AGENT card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 62	Snow	Burbank 3	Red	1	"One rule we have about being a secret agent is that you don't talk about secret agents," says the tight-billed penguin in the suit. "No other comments at this time."
63	SNOW SHOVEL	SNOW SHOVEL card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 63	Snow	Burbank 5	Yellow	1	"I never go anywhere without my trusty shovel. I know a lot of penguins prefer their drills, but I get a sense of reward using my shovel to move the snow around."
64	THE MIGRATOR	THE MIGRATOR card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 64	Water	Burbank 6	Blue	1	"Arrr mateys! Ye be gazin' at me good ship, the Migrator! It be a mighty ship of vim and vigor that has lasted many tumbles," replies Rockhopper. "Nary a better boat there be."
65	CAPTAIN ROCKHOPPER	CAPTAIN ROCKHOPPER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 65	Water	Burbank 5	Green	1	"Arrr... ye be gazin' at me glorious card. Ahhhh, a sight for sore eyes this fantastic photo be. It be remindin' me of many voyages across the seas with treasures seized!"
66	ICE CREAM	ICE CREAM card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 66	Water	Burbank 4	Orange	1	"There I am eating ice cream at the Beach again!" exclaims the penguin as she gets her beach towel ready. "Yes, it's true, ice cream and the Beach are a great pair."
67	MULLET	MULLET card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 67	Water	Burbank 8	Purple	1	"Penguins from far and wide come to this ice fishing hole to see if they can catch this legendary big fish. Someone told me I need bigger bait though, so I brought a pizza."
68	UNDERGROUND FLOOD	UNDERGROUND FLOOD card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 68	Water	Burbank 3	Red	1	"Oh no! That crab over there tapped the glass and now there's a leak and there's water pouring out and there's going to be water everywhere what are we going to do now!?"
69	FLUFFY THE FISH	FLUFFY THE FISH card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 69	Water	Burbank 4	Yellow	1	"Here fishy fishy fishy!" calls the red penguin. "I don't think Fluffy has ears," his friend replies. "Neither do we, but I can hear you..." "Hmmm. Guess you've got a point there."
70	SHARK	SHARK card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 70	Water	Burbank 7	Yellow	1	"I know there's a big fish down there, but I don't think it's that one with the great big mean teeth and shark fin on top," the rookie fisherman says. "That's not Mullet, is it?"
98	BLAST	BLAST card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 98	Fire	Burbank 8	Red	2	"Dude. Soooo love the shades. They make me even stronger and more silent. Maybe later we can hang out and I'll eat a Puffle O to entertain 'ya."
99	FLARE	FLARE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 99	Fire	Burbank 7	Orange	2	"You think this is fast? You should see how I move when I get shot from a cannon! It's a riot! And I think, actually, it increases happiness."
100	CHIRP	CHIRP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 100	Snow	Burbank 6	Yellow	2	"Paints, creativity, and music," Chirp replies with whimsy. "Mix those together and you got a masterpiece, my friends, a masterpiece!"
101	POP	POP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 101	Water	Burbank 5	Purple	2	"I love bubbles! They're beautiful to blow. Bouncy. Breathtaking. Transparent perfection, I say!"
102	LOOP	LOOP card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 102	Fire	Burbank 7	Orange	2	"Hmm... I wonder if my lasso would work the same under water. I mean, it'd be super cool to see if I could round up some pearls , wouldn't it?
103	FLIT	FLIT card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 103	Snow	Burbank 6	Green	2	"Um, nope! Can't touch this propeller hat," Flit laughs loudly. "It takes tons of practice... Even I need it! Recall Christmas 2008 when I got stuck sideways in a tree ?!"
104	BOUNCER	BOUNCER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 104	Water	Burbank 5	Blue	2	"It's so cool to bounce around like my ball," he declares. "By the way... it rolled under a ginormous pile of snow and though I'm small, round and can roll, I'm a bit too puffy. Can you help?"
105	ED MCCOOL AND DESTRUCTO	ED MCCOOL AND DESTRUCTO card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 105	Fire	Burbank 4	Blue	2	"Dear Gary, met two very talented puffles on an important PSA mission today. Will have to keep a look out for them in the future. They may be useful someday..."
106	NIBLET	NIBLET card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 106	Water	Burbank 2	Green	2	"From this snowman emerges the almighty Niblet, the might green puffle! He's been trying to become a white puffle by hiding in the snow."
107	SNOWY NIGHT	SNOWY NIGHT card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 107	Snow	Burbank 3	Purple	2	Penguins and puffles never get tired of the snow falling in Club Penguin. Best friends like to take some timeout from their busy life to watch it fall together.
108	PUFFLES ON THE LOOSE	PUFFLES ON THE LOOSE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 108	Fire	Burbank 4	Green	2	Sometimes rounding up puffles feels a little like chasing a rainbow. Lots of colors, but the closer you get the farther away it seems.
109	CADENCE AND THE KEEPER	CADENCE AND THE KEEPER card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 109	Water	Burbank 3	Green	2	"Yeah, this little green guy is an epic win," Cadence grinned. "He's got all the right moves. He usually knows where the party's at. He's definitely a Keeper, lolz!"
110	GOLDEN PUFFLE	GOLDEN PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 110	Snow	Burbank 2	Yellow	2	Such a popular myth, they made a Stage play about it. Does this puffle really live under the 'berg?
111	METEOR PUFFLE	METEOR PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 111	Fire	Burbank 5	Red	2	Swoosh, the mysterious meteor puffle flies through the air with the greatest of ease...
112	RAINBOW PUFFLE	RAINBOW PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 112	Water	Burbank 4	Purple	2	A multi-colored legend, or just a creative little yellow puffle who has been playing with paint?
113	ABOMINABLE SNOW PUFFLE	ABOMINABLE SNOW PUFFLE card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 113	Snow	Burbank 3	Orange	2	"I'm telling ya, it was huge! Twice the size of a penguin and it had claws like a crab . I was shaking in my snow boots!"
201	Club Penguin Times	Club Penguin Times card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 201	Fire	Burbank 2	Blue	3	"Extra! Extra! Every Thursday the Club Penguin Times delivers the latest scoop on everything that's happening on the island. From fun art to stories to games, there's something new every week!"
202	Can of Worms	Can of Worms card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 202	Fire	Burbank 3	Blue	3	Anyone who's planning to go ice fishing behind the Ski Lodge needs a can of worms. Having this squirmy bait ready is the first step to catching a fishy treat.
203	Winter Fiesta Party	Winter Fiesta Party card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 203	Fire	Burbank 4	Purple	3	"I was at the first Winter Fiesta way back in 2007," she explained. "I missed the one in 2008 , so I was totally stoked to see it again in 2009 !
204	Invisible Ninja Suit	Invisible Ninja Suit card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 204	Fire	Burbank 5	Orange	3	"The Invisibility Suit is one of the tools of the ninja. Available only from the Martial Artworks store, it allows ninja to vanish into the shadows. Useful AND cool."
205	Penguin Mail	Penguin Mail card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 205	Fire	Burbank 6	Red	3	Through rain, sleet, and snow, the Penguin Mail will always get through. But mostly through snow... and actually they've never seen rain, but still.
206	Bumble Bee	Bumble Bee card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 206	Fire	Burbank 6	Yellow	3	"This is my favorite Halloween costume, the Bumble Bee! I picked this one up last year when they were on sale at the Gift Shop ."
207	Pizzatron 3000	Pizzatron 3000 card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 207	Fire	Burbank 7	Orange	3	Making pizzas in the Pizza Parlor can be tricky. Chefs need a steady hand and concentration of steel to prepare pizza pies perfectly for all their hungry costumers!
208	Card-Jitsu	Card-Jitsu card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 208	Fire	Burbank 8	Red	3	To become a ninja, one must first learn to master the elements. It all begins with Card-Jitsu, and this card you hold in your hand . Proceed to the Dojo, and take your first step on a legendary path...
209	Adopt-A-Puffle	Adopt-A-Puffle card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 209	Snow	Burbank 4	Blue	3	Puffles are the cute little furballs you see penguins waddling around with next to them. You can even take them into games like Aqua Grabber ! Drop by the Pet Shop in the Plaza to adopt one of your very own.
210	Rock & Roll Suit	Rock & Roll Suit card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 210	Snow	Burbank 4	Orange	3	This trendy outfit is popular for its sparkle and "pizzazz!" It was first released in the Gift Shop, just before Music Jam '08 , one of the biggest parties of the year.
211	Construction	Construction card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 211	Snow	Burbank 5	Purple	3	"There's construction going on all over the place in Club Penguin all the time. Penguins on the island love to build and create, so construction is a pretty popular job around here!
212	Hidden Pins	Hidden Pins card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 212	Snow	Burbank 6	Green	3	"These charming, limited edition collector's items are a must have for any treasure hunter... a brand new one is hidden every two weeks somewhere on the island!"
213	Treasure Hunt Game	Treasure Hunt Game card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 213	Snow	Burbank 7	Yellow	3	"Rockhopper's Treasure Hunt game is kinda rare. You can only play it when his ship, the Migrator, is docked on the Beach. Remember, you need his key from that book to get into the Quarters on the ship.
214	DJ3K	DJ3K card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 214	Snow	Burbank 8	Green	3	DJ3K at the Night Club is a music-makin' penguin's favorite game. "It's simple, yo. Just start pushin' buttons and the groove kicks in. Every good beat needs a little cowbell, so I like to mix that into my sets."
215	Surf Boards	Surf Boards card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 215	Water	Burbank 2	Green	3	"The only thing you need to 'catch some waves' down at the Cove; penguins can borrow a board or buy their own at the Surf Shack. Then they just need to catch a 'gnarly' wave and 'hang ten!'"
216	Beach Chair Chilling	Beach Chair Chilling card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 216	Water	Burbank 3	Green	3	"Chilling out" at the Beach is even easier when the beach is made of snow. Sun glasses are optional, but you add that touch of "cool" while you "chill."
217	Telescope	Telescope card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 217	Water	Burbank 4	Red	3	"If you look through the telescope at the Beacon, you can see all the way out to sea. It's a good place to keep a close eye out for Rockhopper."
218	Fish Costume	Fish Costume card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 218	Water	Burbank 4	Yellow	3	"Don't give me that look..." said the penguin. "It's just a costume. I'm trying to get a part in a play at the Stage, and I need expert advice. Now are you going to help me or not?"
219	Crow's Nest	Crow's Nest card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 219	Water	Burbank 5	Orange	3	Yarr's favorite place on the Migrator is up in the Crow's Net. You can see for miles, and take out any rogue icebergs with the ship's snowball cannon.
220	The Cove	The Cove card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 220	Water	Burbank 6	Blue	3	"Other penguins like to come to the Cove to surf, but I just love to gaze out at the water. I was the first one to spot a huge storm one time through the binoculars ! The ocean can tell you a lot."
221	Captain's Quarters	Captain's Quarters card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 221	Water	Burbank 6	Orange	3	"Rockhopper used to keep his quarters locked," the tour guide says. "But now you just need to find his key to get in..."
222	Iceberg	Iceberg card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 222	Water	Burbank 8	Blue	3	"If we tipped this over, what do you think we'd find on the other side?" one penguin inquires. "It's the biggest mystery of all," they replied. "We've got to find a way to tip it.
223	The Lounge	The Lounge card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 223	Fire	Burbank 3	Purple	3	The Lounge is located upstairs from the Night Club, and it's the perfect place to "chill" and play arcade games. Can you master the tricky "Thin Ice" or pilot the "Astro Barrier" to victory?
224	Rockhopper's Key	Rockhopper's Key card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 224	Fire	Burbank 4	Green	3	"Arr! Ye be needin' this special key to get into me Captain's Quarters on me good ship the Migrator!" Rockhopper chuckled. "I hid it somewhere on the island. Ye might want to "book" some time to find it..."
225	Penguins That Time Forgot [2]	Penguins That Time Forgot card image (ID 225)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 225	Fire	Burbank 5	Yellow	3	"Dinosaurs, lava, time-traveling... this was one of my favorite plays," she explained. "Watch this, I'll be a cave penguin... 'GRUB! FIRE ROAST MARSHMALLOW!'"
226	Team Blue Rally	Team Blue Rally card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 226	Fire	Burbank 6	Orange	3	Rallying at the Stage for epic competitions, the Red Team and Blue Team wrote another chapter of their rivalry with the introduction of their moose mascots.
227	Jet Pack Adventure	Jet Pack Adventure card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 227	Fire	Burbank 7	Red	3	"For those looking to experience the thrill of flying, look no further than Jet Pack Adventure," said the Tour Guide. "Just head to the top of the Lighthouse, strap on a pack, and take off! Parachutes provided!"
228	Ruby and the Ruby	Ruby and the Ruby card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 228	Snow	Burbank 2	Red	3	"See, here's the shimmy – this classy lady named Ruby had lost her ruby . A victim of poetic irony, I know. She needed my help, and she needed it fast..." - Jacques Hammer
229	Snowball Fight	Snowball Fight card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 229	Snow	Burbank 3	Orange	3	Snowballs can be used for all types of purposes, from snowball fights to tennis matches. "I like to throw rapid-fire by hitting 'T' on my keyboard constantly. TURBO THROW!"
230	Snowball Press	Snowball Press card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 230	Snow	Burbank 5	Purple	3	"The Snowball Press publishes all the great books Club Penguin has to offer, like Rockhopper's Journal and Penguin Tales . Check 'em out in the room above the Coffee Shop. Remember: every word counts!"
231	Music Jam	Music Jam card image (ID 231)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 231	Snow	Burbank 6	Yellow	3	"I love a good music festival," he responded. "Music Jam 2008 was probably my favorite party. I finally got to meet Penguin Band, and DJ3K came out for the first time!"
232	Puffle Chew-Chew	Puffle Chew-Chew card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 232	Snow	Burbank 7	Green	3	"My black puffle just loves the scratching post I bought him from the Pet Shop. But I can't figure out why he keeps trying to eat it! Maybe I need to feed him some Puffle O's."
233	Fairy Fables	Fairy Fables card image (ID 233)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 233	Water	Burbank 2	Green	3	"My fave play's definitely Fairy Fables , cuz it's got the Big Bad Wool costume in it. I wear the sheep costume and my buddy dresses up like the prince from the story and we make up our own plays in the Forest."
234	Jelly Fish	Jelly Fish card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 234	Water	Burbank 3	Yellow	3	These rare Antarctic jelly fish can produce a small electric charge that can make for a 'shocking' experience for Ice Fishing experts who may snag one on their line.
235	Pirate	Pirate card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 235	Water	Burbank 4	Red	3	"Arr! Only the bravest penguins join me pirate crew!" says Rockhopper. "Smartly now, sailors – where be yer sea flippers?"
236	Fish Bait	Fish Bait card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 236	Water	Burbank 5	Purple	3	The fish around Club Penguin won't just up and eat and old bait. In fact, each kind of fish has their own favorite food. Fishing experts recommend trying different types of bait for best results.
237	Hydro Hopper	Hydro Hopper card image (ID 237)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 237	Water	Burbank 7	Blue	3	"Catchin' a ride on the ol' Hydro Hopper at the Dock is sweet," the Tour Guide explained. "Catching air and sailing over obstacles is not only fun, but will earn you extra coins. Come on, give it a try!"
238	Puffle O's	Puffle O's card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 238	Water	Burbank 7	Blue	3	"Though puffles enjoy cookies, and a stick of gum now and then, their favorite food is Puffle O's, without a doubt," said the Puffle Handler . "Make sure not to overfeed them though, because they might get a tummy ache."
239	Fall Fair Games	Fall Fair Games card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 239	Fire	Burbank 4	Purple	3	"Once a year the Fall Fair comes to Club Penguin with a whole bunch of special games," said the Tour Guide. "These games award tickets you can trade for sweet prizes. And I mean 'sweet.' Their cotton candy is delicious!"
240	Thinga-ma-jig 3000	Thinga-ma-jig 3000 card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 240	Fire	Burbank 5	Green	3	"Oh, you've heard of the Thing-ma-jig 3000?" Gary asked. "Oh yes, it's quite a clever little device, but it's hidden away in my Gadget Room. It's so well hidden in that you'd have to be some kind of secret agent to find it."
241	Rad Scientist	Rad Scientist card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 241	Snow	Burbank 3	Red	3	This unique Halloween costume first appeared in October 2008, when Gary the Gadget Guy was working on the Monster Maker 3000 invention in his secret lab . "Spookalicious!"
242	Quip and Qua	Quip and Qua card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 242	Snow	Burbank 5	Blue	3	"Truly we are the most bizarre costumes that can be purchased from the Stage..." scoffed Qua. "I don't know..." answered Quip. "I saw a squid monster with a sheep face walking around." "Well," replies Qua, "other than that guy..."
243	Twee	Twee card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 243	Snow	Burbank 6	Purple	3	The fairy storyteller from the Fairy Fables play at the Stage. Twee loves to mix things up to keep it fresh – from colors to stories, things are never quite ordinary in her library!
244	Coins For Change	Coins For Change card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 244	Snow	Burbank 8	Green	3	"They say it's better to give than to receive and that's totally tree with Coins for Change. There's always amazing amounts of generosity when penguins decide to change the world! Waddle around and make difference!"
245	Surfing with the Sharks	Surfing with the Sharks card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 245	Water	Burbank 5	Red	3	"And I was like, woah, it's a shark! And it was like 'RAH!' and then I was like whoa, it's a shark! And you shoulda seen it man. I mean, it was huge – it was mahoosive!"
246	Dance Contest	Dance Contest card image (ID 246)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 246	Water	Burbank 6	Purple	3	"Any penguin brave enough to stand up, talk the talk, walk the walk, and bust out their icy best moves is an epic win here in the Dance Club."
247	Purple Octopus	Purple Octopus card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 247	Water	Burbank 7	Purple	3	"What's wackier than an octopus showing up in the middle of a party? Nothing! That's epic wacky! This inflatable octopus tends to show up at the strangest of times, so keep your eyes open for other appearances!"
248	Giant Squid	Giant Squid card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 248	Water	Burbank 8	Blue	3	"I'm telling you, the Squid is totally real. I was deep below the Iceberg in the Aqua Grabber one day when it went zipping past me going 'EAAAUUUUURGGGGH!'. We need to find it!"
301	Camera	Camera card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 301	Fire	Burbank 2	Orange	4	This item is sometimes found in the Costume Trunk at the Stage. Once you have a camera, wave to snap award-winning photos all over the island.
302	Wigs	Wigs card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 302	Fire	Burbank 3	Blue	4	All wigs can be found in Penguin Style catalog in the Gift Shop. Every penguin should have one – from punk to surfer – they really complete an outfit!
303	Pizza Parlor	Pizza Parlor card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 303	Fire	Burbank 4	Red	4	Be a chef! Make pizzas in the Pizzatron 3000 game in the kitchen. Put on your red apron and dance to serve customers in the restaurant.
304	Coffee Machine	Coffee Machine card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 304	Fire	Burbank 5	Orange	4	Secret Agents will find this machine in the Coffee Shop during the Secret of the Fur mission. It will help you save the island.
305	Costume Trunk	Costume Trunk card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 305	Fire	Burbank 6	Red	4	You'll find this at the Stage – and it's never empty! Open it and choose an outfit. You could be a brave explorer , a scientist , a lobster , a he ro , a time traveler ... anything you want! [3]
306	Pet Shop Staff	Pet Shop Staff card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 306	Fire	Burbank 6	Yellow	4	The employees in the Pet shop love looking after puffles! With the orange apron on, you can dance to serve them food. Look for it from time to time in Penguin Style .
307	Stompin' Bob	Stompin' Bob card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 307	Fire	Burbank 7	Orange	4	The laid back bass player of Penguin Band. He keeps the beat with bandmate G Billy and loves to play the jazzy stuff.
308	G Billy	G Billy card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 308	Fire	Burbank 8	Red	4	The founder of and drummer for Penguin Band. If you ever get the chance to meet him Backstage during Music Jam and be sure to get an autographed background by clicking his player card!
309	Outdoor Igloo	Outdoor Igloo card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 309	Snow	Burbank 4	Blue	4	Penguins with outdoor areas for their igloos can throw amazing parties. Check out Better Igloos for cool furniture, like this BBQ . Oh the gnome ? Every party should have one!
310	Ticket Booth	Ticket Booth card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 310	Snow	Burbank 4	Orange	4	You never know who will sell you a ticket for the latest Stage performance at the Plaza. Sometimes actors man the booth between shows!
311	Ridge Run	Ridge Run card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 311	Snow	Burbank 5	Purple	4	It's the toughest Sled Racing run on the Ski Hill. Up to four penguins can race together, so if you're serious about challenging your buddies, this is the way to do it!
312	Clock Tower	Clock Tower card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 312	Snow	Burbank 6	Green	4	Ready, set, throw snow! Find this snowball-powered clock in the Snow Forts. Throw snowballs at the target to help keep it powered. Just press T on your keyboard and click the red target!"
313	White Puffles	White Puffles card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 313	Snow	Burbank 7	Yellow	4	First discovered in February '09, these critters are known to be gentle but powerful. Adopt one from the Pet Shop and discover what it can turn to ice with a single breath!
314	Dojo Courtyard	Dojo Courtyard card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 314	Snow	Burbank 8	Green	4	This is the outside of the Dojo and it was uncovered by penguins in November 2008 . To get here, you must use your map.
315	Rocking Horse	Rocking Horse card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 315	Water	Burbank 2	Green	4	This ginormous rocking horse somehow found itself upstairs in the Lodge Attic. To see it for yourself, go to the Ski Village and climb the ladder inside the Ski Lodge.
316	Penguin Style	Penguin Style card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 316	Water	Burbank 3	Green	4	There's new stuff in this catalog every month! Why not get your friends together in the Gift Shop and check it out? Pick out new outfits, then hold a fashion show in your igloo!
317	Stage Director	Stage Director card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 317	Fire	Burbank 4	Red	4	Directors needed! Located in the Plaza, the Stage has new plays every month and always needs actors, stagehands, and even directors to make every performance a success. Grab a costume from the catalog and break a leg!
318	Conductor	Conductor card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 318	Water	Burbank 4	Yellow	4	This outfit showed up in the Penguin Style during Music Jam. When penguins put it on and danced, they conducted orchestras all over the island.
319	Beacon	Beacon card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 319	Water	Burbank 5	Orange	4	From the top of the Lighthouse, you can look through the telescope to see if there's sign of Rockhopper's ship or play the game Jet Pack Adventure.
320	Discovering The Underground	Discovering The Underground card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 320	Fire	Burbank 6	Orange	4	There's two secret passages to the underground. You'll find this one in the Plaza. To find the other passage, head to the room with the best beats and pay attention to the speaker on the far right.
321	Franky	Franky card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 321	Water	Burbank 6	Orange	4	This cool lead guitarist of Penguin Band loves to hang out with other music fans around the island. Find him with his bandmates Backstage during Music Jam and receive an autographed background.
322	Petey K .	Petey K. card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 322	Water	Burbank 8	Blue	4	The talented pianist and accordion player in the Penguin Band. He's always bursting with new song ideas and loves to share them with audiences around the island.
323	Boombox	Boombox card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 323	Fire	Burbank 3	Purple	4	Penguins learned a new dance with this item when Cadence showed up with it during a party in the Night Club. If you have the item, wear it and press D on your keyboard and see what you can do!
324	Mild Mannered Reporter	Mild Mannered Reporter card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 324	Fire	Burbank 4	Green	4	This character appears in Shadow Guy and Gamma Gal vs. Squidzoid at the Stage. He's a bit of a shy guy, but he's just as important as the ones with the super powers!
325	The Twelfth Fish	The Twelfth Fish card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 325	Fire	Burbank 5	Yellow	4	Appearing at the Stage Dec. 2007, this Shakespearean style comedy stared a Bard , a Countess , a Jester and (obviously) a Fish who couldn't stop blubbing. "BUT NEVER DOUBT I BLUB!"
326	April Fool's Day Party	April Fool's Day Party card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 326	Fire	Burbank 6	Orange	4	It's a celebration where things happen that can't happen! Discover the wacky and unexpected with friends across the island at this party – from surprise-filled boxes to new dimensions !
327	Plasma Glow Wave	Plasma Glow Wave card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 327	Fire	Burbank 7	Red	4	You can light up the Stage with Gamma Gal's incredible Plasma Glow Wave during every performance of Shadow Guy and Gamma Gal vs. Squidzoid . Wear the costume and wave to activate the special power.
328	Cowbell	Cowbell card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 328	Snow	Burbank 2	Red	4	First available at the Music Jam '09 party, this item is still a hit across the island! To join in the fun, press D on your keyboard while wearing the item.
329	O Berry Bush	O Berry Bush card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 329	Snow	Burbank 3	Orange	4	Puffles love them and it's a good thing too! When they get hungry it's the best meal to recharge their energy. O'Berries grow in the wild and are always in full supply on your puffle's player card.
330	Chester The Time Traveler	Chester The Time Traveler card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 330	Snow	Burbank 3	Red	4	In Penguins that Time Forgot at the Stage, this curious character finds himself on an adventure back in time surrounded by dinosaurs and cave penguins.
331	101 Days of Fun	101 Days of Fun card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 331	Snow	Burbank 5	Red	4	There's always a lot to discover around the island and in 2009, for 101 days straight, penguins had fun completing a new activity every day!
332	Color Vote [4]	Color Vote card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 332	Snow	Burbank 6	Yellow	4	The 2009 color vote was an epic battle between Lavender , Maroon and Aqua . Penguins voted in the Forest and the winning color was added to the Penguin Style catalog as a new penguin color.
333	Christmas Party	Christmas Party card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 333	Snow	Burbank 7	Green	4	Holiday spirit takes over the island during this party! This is the Photo Booth in the Forest where penguins posed for pictures with Santa.
334	Viking Opera	Viking Opera card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 334	Water	Burbank 2	Green	4	Be part of this popular Stage show, as a detective, ghost, or even the Viking Opera singer. Put on the Viking wig and dance, following along to the script.
335	Water Balloons	Water Balloons card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 335	Water	Burbank 3	Yellow	4	Most penguins have had a snowball fight at the Snow Forts. But at the Water Party , the splat of water balloons replacing the thud of snow. Too cool!
336	Tuba	Tuba card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 336	Water	Burbank 4	Red	4	At the Music Jam '09 party, this item was popular at the Lighthouse stage. When you wore it and danced, you could even hear it playing!
337	Rockhopper's Plants	Rockhopper's Plants card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 337	Water	Burbank 5	Purple	4	The captain of the Migrator brought these plants to the island in 2009. Penguins put them in their igloos and they started to grow! Every few weeks they change – even to this day!
338	Adventure Party	Adventure Party card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 338	Water	Burbank 7	Blue	4	During this June 2009 party, after Rockhopper's plants took over the island, penguin explorers discovered rare flowers – some that changed colors and others that liked to eat snowballs !
339	Penguin Play Awards	Penguin Play Awards card image (ID 339)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 339	Fire	Burbank 7	Orange	4	Penguins called this one of 2009's coolest events. They voted for their favorite stage plays, got to meet Penguin Band and Aunt Arctic, and enjoyed dressing up to receive their own awards!
340	All-Access Pass	All-Access Pass card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 340	Fire	Burbank 4	Purple	4	During Music Jam '09 party, this pass got penguins into the Backstage and Night Club Rooftop where they hung out with friends and had a chance to meet Penguin Band and Cadence.
341	Cadence's Autograph	Cadence's Autograph card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 341	Fire	Burbank 5	Green	4	Cadence is a very popular penguin around here! She makes appearances at big events like the Penguin Play Awards. You can meet her and receive an autographed background by clicking her player card.
342	Treasure Book	Treasure Book card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 342	Snow	Burbank 5	Blue	4	This book contains the best collection of rare and exclusive items. Look for a code with select toys and enter at clubpenguin.com to gain access to this special catalog.
343	Black Hoodie	Black Hoodie card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 343	Snow	Burbank 6	Purple	4	You might spot more than a few penguins wearing this popular item. When it appears in Penguin Style , the Gift Shop always has plenty in stock!
344	Propellor Cap	Propellor Cap card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 344	Snow	Burbank 8	Green	4	Penguins flew for the first time when they danced while wearing this item at the 2006 April Fool's Day Party. Penguins aren't the only ones who like these caps though – check out the green puffles!
345	Dessert Pizza	Dessert Pizza card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 345	Water	Burbank 5	Red	4	One of the island's best kept secrets. Make Dessert Pizza in the Pizza Parlor's Pizzatron 3000 game by clicking on the lever of the machine when you enter the game!
346	Black Electric Guitar	Black Electric Guitar card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 346	Water	Burbank 6	Red	4	This limited edition instrument is available from the Penguin Style catalog in the Gift Shop from time to time. To play it, put it on and dance. Go solo or join a band!
347	Mastering The Elements	Mastering The Elements card image	Card-Jitsu Cards full 347	Water	Burbank 7	Purple	4	Fire. Snow. Water. That's what you'll need to master the Card-Jitsu game. Train with your friends and Sensei at the Dojo to earn belts and become a ninja.
348	Elite Penguin Force	Elite Penguin Force card image (ID 348)	Card-Jitsu Cards full 348	Water	Burbank 8	Blue	4	This super-secret agency has one goal: to protect the Club Penguin island. Their base, the Command Room , is hidden near the Ski Village.